# ID_S10204535_JosiahLow_Assg2
This is my second assignment for Interactive Development Module.
For this assignment, I created an application that can tell the user the 10 closest points of interests. (Based on inputs from the user)

## Design Process

Provide us insights about your design process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:
- As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.

This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. 
These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory)
Include the Adobe XD wireframe as a folder. You can include the XD share url. 

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.


## Testing

### Bugs and problems
The OneMapSingapore API uses a free access token. However, the token is only valid for 3 days, so a new token would have to be generated by the time this assignment is submitted.

A Maximum of 500m buffer/radius applies for buildings and 20m buffer/radius for roads.

Longer response time is expected for searching of addresses within a buffer/radius range. The API will return a maximum of 10 nearest buildings.



For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Credits

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media
- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X